[Music]
you are so great you look fabulous
there are 50,000 217 people watching you
online right now are you at your best
today are you at your best today
[Music]
No
but it
[Music]
Oh
to the bus
step forward please forward step forward
show some identification please step
forward and show some identification
please step forward forward
can you just stand a little straighter
okay this is your moment this is your
opportunity just do what you want
and please do entertain us perform nice
nice move forward move move
hey what are you doing here what are you
doing here it's good to see you
very good you look good now
great you're fabulous please step
forward walk around then walk backward
there are 30,000 218 people watching on
the web right now
[Music]
hey great just do what you want go ahead
don't try to escape don't people are
watching you your watch by 2613 people
on the web right now do you feel lucky
your hair here's a fixer hair fix your
hair yeah better better watch yourself
please move around here perform for us
do whatever comes to mind
this is your moment you're under the
light we're watching you you're being
watched by seven hundred forty-four
people right now do you feel lucky